‎Wouldn’t you agree
that it’s been absolutely thrilling
‎to study Ezekiel’s prophecies and visions?
‎In the 21 chapters
of the Pure Worship book
‎that we’ve studied thus far,
‎we’ve learned many valuable lessons
‎about pure worship.
‎The final chapter
of the Pure Worship book
‎is entitled “Worship God,”
‎based on Revelation 22:9.
‎Let’s read that verse together:
‎“But he [an angel]
‎“tells me [the apostle John]:
‎“‘Be careful!
‎“‘Do not do that!
‎“‘I am only a fellow slave of you
‎“‘and of your brothers the prophets
‎“‘and of those observing
the words of this scroll.
‎Worship God.’”
‎In this chapter,
‎we’ll review some
of the principal themes of Ezekiel
‎and how they apply
both now and in the future.
‎Then, with the help of Bible prophecy,
‎we’ll peer into the future
‎to the end
of the Thousand Year Reign of Christ.
‎Look for the answers to these questions:
‎What final test
‎will Jehovah’s worshippers face?
‎What will happen
to those who fail that test?
‎It’s our hope
‎that what you’ve learned
from the Pure Worship book
‎will strengthen your determination
‎to give Jehovah
‎what he so richly deserves
‎—your exclusive worship.
‎And may you
be more determined than ever
‎to preach with zeal and urgency,
‎helping others to join us in pure worship.
‎How we all long for the time when everyone
‎in heaven and on earth will be united
‎in the pure worship of Jehovah!